one day I was very distraught at the
amount of trolls and bronies on the
internet I just told them to off
all of them I guess it was feeding them
but I didn't care they made hard
creepypastas and I wanted to speak my
mind one of the trolls took a shot at my
ego in it it worked I was crushed my
life started falling apart I slowly
became an alcoholic a few days later
after my life was crumbling I went to my
job as a train driver however I was
sloshed at the time and made a crash
what a fool I was
what a crash that split in two
I saw the bits of shrapnel flying
through the air in slow motion as if
time had stopped just for me to watch
myself die all the more slowly first
shard of glass lodged in my eye
the pain was excruciating second a piece
of the track and killed my liver
she was probably yellow by now but it
still hurt like hell
third a flying piece of metal from the
wheels crushed my skull I was going to
die everything faded to black I awoke
several days later in a daze I I was
confused why am i living where am I
I shouted that into the darkroom I could
make out many details besides the boring
looking gray bed and the metallic floor
covered in loose wires I heard a voice
from the darkness see that you've awoken
it said
the lights turned on I was in some sort
of large warehouse with strange machines
and stones covered in runes the strange
voice didn't show its body however but
it did say you see we just made the
impossible by saving you you've combined
technology and magic well then I
realized they would I felt the back of
my head it was metal and I have to spend
all eternity like this